18-year-old mace Alis sty karate is more
than a martial
art it's her bond with the home and
friends she lost during the war on
[Music]
Gaza our house in Northwest Gaza was
destroyed it was bombed in the war I
lost my cousin and my coach Captain
Jamal Ali may God have mercy on him and
many of my friends in the club who were
ambitious players they had ambition and
were killed as well the occupation did
not spare anyone neither old nor young
nor players nor
anyone mace escaped with her family to
Egypt where she's continuing her
training I started karate when I was 7
years old Captain Jamal was our neighbor
I used to train with him day after day
and karate became a part of me she says
her coach's encouragement drove her to
success many times as a player I went
through difficult circumstances but he
was always supportive encouraging and
motivating me in tournaments before I
started any match he would be
there karate is helping mace cope with
her
loss karate makes me change the negative
energy that came to me because of the
war whether it was the things I saw the
destruction that happened to us or the
displacement or moving from one place to
another during the
war mace is now training with Egypt's
karate National coach in Cairo m
Mae has good potential she's made great
strides in her physical training skills
and tactics inside Palestine God willing
will be able to develop her potential
here she has beautiful capabilities and
both foot kicks and hand techniques she
has good
skills M Ali says the difficulties she's
faced will make her a
champion Barbara Anga Al
jaer make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jaaz